Executive Staff
===============

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-archie.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Archie Manning - Executive Director
-----------------------------------

Leadership, dedication and commitment have enabled Archie Manning to
succeed both on and off the football field.

Archie oversees every aspect of the Manning Passing Academy and makes
all the audibles when it comes to teaching and coaching.

Manning’s background is truly reflective of the ideals and dedication
necessary to compete on the football field.

At Ole Miss, where he is considered one of the greatest players ever to
wear a Rebel uniform, he was the recipient of the Walter Camp Award and
was selected to the All-American, All-SEC and All-South teams.

As a professional Manning was the 2nd player selected in the 1971 NFL
draft, he went on to a brilliant 14 year career that included stints
with the New Orleans Saints, Houston Oilers, and Minnesota Vikings.

As the New Orleans Saints field general, Archie was named league MVP in
'78 and was twice selected to the Pro Bowl.

As a community leader, he has supported numerous non-profits and
charities over the years in both Louisiana and Mississippi while
continuing to assist those who share his love for the game of football.

Archie is Chairman of the National Football Foundation College Hall of
Fame and a member of the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame and serves as
an active member of the Allstate Sugar Bowl championship committee.

The former All-American quarterback at Mississippi was named as the
recipient of the Davey O’Brien Legends Award which recognizes a QB who
has made significant contributions to football, distinguished himself as
an extraordinary leader and demonstrated exemplary conduct and
reputation on and off the field.

A portion of the Manning Passing Academy proceeds is donated to Special
Olympics Louisiana and the Fellowship of Christian Athletes.

For almost four decades, the Manning family and the quarterback position
have been practically synonymous with one another. As such, their summer
vacations always revolve the annual Manning Passing Academy, a
family-owned and managed football camp that embraces the basic
fundamentals of football while catering to the offensive skill positions
of RB, TE, WR…and of course QB.

Archie and his wife Olivia (a former Homecoming Queen at Ole Miss)
reside in New Orleans are the proud grandparents of six grandchildren by
Cooper, Peyton and Eli.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-cooper.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Cooper Manning - Senior Associate Director
------------------------------------------

Cooper was a two-time All-State wide receiver at Isidore Newman School
in New Orleans and played in the Louisiana High School All-Star Game as
well as participating on two state championship basketball teams.

Coop was heavily recruited by Division I schools out of high school
including Texas, Virginia, and Ole Miss before deciding to attend his
father’s alma mater (Ole Miss) on a football scholarship.

A career-ending injury forced the Rebel wide receiver to the sidelines,
but his love for the game has never diminished.

Coop’s experience in high school, college, and professional sports has
made him a natural fit for the broadcast booth and he has hosted and
co-hosted numerous projects over the years, including the both
television and radio shows during football season on WWL in New Orleans.

One of the most popular staff members among the campers, Coop is never
too busy to lend instruction or a helping hand.

He is always the first to arrive at camp and the last to leave. He
prides himself on his ability to entertain campers after practice as he
hosts live Q&A sessions with all the college players on staff.

Cooper is currently a partner at Howard Weil Inc., an energy investment
boutique in New Orleans. Cooper is active with the The National Multiple
Sclerosis Society, The Academy of Sacred Heart and his alma mater
Isidore Newman School.

He and his wife Ellen are the proud parents of daughter May, and two
sons, Arch and Heid.

Cooper remains the most handsome Manning and has no plans of losing that
title.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-peyton.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Peyton Manning - Senior Associate Director
------------------------------------------

Peyton is widely regarded as one of the best QBs to have ever played the
game, selected with the first overall pick in the 1998 NFL Draft by the
Indianapolis Colts, and in his rookie season he set five different NFL
rookie records, including most TDs in a season and was named to the NFL
All-Rookie First Team.

Manning begins his first season as quarterback of the Denver Broncos
after spending the first 13 years of his illustrious career in
Indianapolis. Before missing the 2011 season due to neck surgery to
correct a damaged nerve, Manning started 16 regular season games for 13
consecutive seasons and earned his 11th Pro Bowl selection in 2010.

As the Super Bowl XLI MVP, he has completed more passes, thrown for more
yards and touchdowns in a career-opening 13-year span than any NFL
player in history and has torched all the NFL , AFC, and Colts
record-books in the process , won back-to-back MVP honors for second
time in his career (2003-04 and 2008-09) which in itself is a record,
and in 2009, he was listed by the Sporting News as the No. 1 player in
the NFL.

He is the only NFL QB to ever throw for 3,000+ yards in his first 13
seasons of his career, holds NFL records for consecutive seasons with
4,000+ yards in a career, and the Colt’s all-time career passing yards
and passing touchdowns leader.

As a collegian at the University of Tennessee, he was a four-year
starter, saw action in 48 games with 45 starts, set 33 school records,
eight SEC records and two NCAA marks, and ended his college career
owning SEC record for wins as starting QB (39-6), completions (863),
passing yards (11,201), total offense (11,020), and completion
percentage (62.49%).

Ranked 3rd in NCAA history in passing yards and total offense as well as
posted a 26-4 record as a starter in SEC games, Peyton is a three-time
Academic All-America honoree, started 13 games as a senior and led his
team to the SEC Championship and an 11-2 record, and won Sullivan Award
for nations top amateur athlete, Davey O’Brien Award for Top QB, Johnny
Unitas Golden Arm Award for top senior and GTE Academic All-America 1st
Team.

Manning was selected the 2001, 2004 and 2005 Walter Payton/ Indianapolis
Colts NFL Man-of-the-Year for his participation in community affairs, he
attended Newman High School and was an All-American, All-State and
All-District pick at QB.

Peyton and his wife Ashley reside in Indianapolis, Indiana and are the
proud parents of twins Mosley and Marshall.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-eli.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Eli Manning - Senior Associate Director
---------------------------------------

Following in his brother's footsteps Eli was the first pick in the 2004
NFL Draft by the NY Giants.

Eli just completed his 7th season and has 87 starts under his belt.
Manning was named MVP of Super Bowl XLII (the year after Peyton was
named MVP) joining Phil Simms and Otis Anderson as the only Giants who
have won the award, played in his first Pro Bowl following the 08
season, his record as a starting QB is 50-37 (.575) in the regular
season and 4-3 (.571) in the postseason.

Manning's 87 consecutive starts is a Giants record. Eli is one of only
four quarterbacks to throw for at least 3,000+ yards every season from
2005-09 (Peyton is another) and he is one of three QBs with at least 20
touchdown passes in each of the last five seasons (Peyton is another).

At Ole Miss Eli set or tied 45 single game, season, and career records.

In his senior year, Eli led the Rebels to a 10-3 record and a 31-28 SBC
Cotton Bowl victory over the Oklahoma State Cowboys in 2003, won the
Maxwell Award, given to the nation’s top collegiate player, the Johnny
Unitas Golden Arm Award, given to the nation’s top senior quarterback
and The Walter Camp Foundation Player of the Year Award.

Eli was the SEC Player of the Year and earned the Conerly Trophy as the
top collegiate player in the state of Mississippi.

Eli joined his brother Peyton by volunteering in the wake of Hurricane
Katrina and together they assisted in the delivery of 30,000 pounds of
water, Gatorade, baby formula, diapers, and pillows to the people of New
Orleans

He championed the construction of “The Eli Manning Children’s Clinics”
at the UM Hospital for Children raising $2.5 million and for the past
five years has hosted the “Guiding Eyes for the Blind’s Golf Classic,
the oldest and largest charity event in Westchester County, NY.

Born and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana, he attended Newman High
School and was an All-American, All-State and All-District pick at QB.

Eli and his wife Abby reside in Hoboken, New Jersey and are the proud
parents of newborn daughter Ava.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-buddy.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Buddy Teevens - Associate Director
----------------------------------

Buddy has been an integral part of the MPA since its inception. He is
the head football coach at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire.
Teevens started his coaching career at DePauw University ('79) and went
on to become offensive coordinator at Boston University (1980-84). Buddy
first became a head coach at the University of Maine ('85) where he led
the Black Bears to a 6-5 and 7-4 marks in successive seasons, the
program’s first back-to-back winning seasons in 21 years. His first
stint at Dartmouth College (his alma mater) was from 1987-91. As head
coach he won two Ivy League Championships (he also won one as a player)
before moving on to Tulane University in '92. From 1992-96, Teevens
rebuilt the Green Wave program and recruited most of the team that went
12-0 in 1998. Teevens served as offensive coordinator and receivers
coach at Illinois from 1997-98, and passing game coordinator at Florida
from 1999-2001. Buddy was head coach at Stanford University from
2002-2004 before returning to his roots at Dartmouth College. At the
Manning Passing Academy, coach Teevens oversees all aspects of the
on-field operation and coaching staff. A native of Pembroke, Mass.
Teevens and his wife Kirsten, reside in Hanover, New Hampshire, have two
children, Lindsay, and Eugene IV.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-hawk.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Jeff "Hawk" Hawkins - Associate Director
----------------------------------------

Hawk is entering his 17th year as Associate Camp Director. He is
responsible for all aspects of administration. He is in his 12th season
as director of football operations at the University of Oregon. Hawkins
spent three years in the U.S. Army after high school. He earned his
undergraduate degree at Bridgewater State College ('80), where he
started all four years on the defensive line and was named co-captain in
his senior year. After graduation he spent five years with the New
England Patriots in the team’s marketing & promotions division. He broke
into the coaching ranks at Chico State (1985-86) before joining Buddy
Teevens at Dartmouth College as his DFO in 1987 and followed him to
Tulane University (1992-96). After his stint with the Green Wave, he
served as director of special projects with the Nokia Sugar Bowl
(1996-01) and regularly worked game-day assignments with Tulane
University and the New Orleans Saints. He also served a four year term
as vice president of Special Olympics Louisiana, a charity that he
personally has invested more than twenty years in as a volunteer. Jeff,
a native of Pembroke, Mass., and his wife Amy reside in Eugene, Oregon
with their daughter Gabrielle.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-kyle.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Kyle Wiest = Assistant Director
-------------------------------

Kyle, is entering his 12th year at the MPA and serves as the director of
camp administration, responsible for the day-to-day operations of the
camp. His responsibilities include overseeing all aspects of
administration and information technology. Wiest, a Masters recipient
from the University of Oregon is the Director of Football Operations at
the University of Oregon and resides in Eugene.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

Tom Hart - Director of Camp Security
------------------------------------

Tom Hart oversees all aspects of the MPA's security both for coaches, as
well as for campers. He is a retired police detective and SWAT Team
Officer. Hart has accrued almost 27 years of law enforcement experience
and has served as a Plice Academy Instructor, Anti-Terrorism Instructor,
Crime Prevention Officer, and Special Investigator to the Violent Crimes
Unit. Tom graduated from Bridgewater State College (Bridgewater, MA)
with a degree in physical education. He currently serves as the
Professional Development Coordinator at the University of Oregon
athletic department.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-greg.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Greg Blackwell - Director of Public Relations
---------------------------------------------

Greg will be entering his 16th year with the camp and his 14th year in
the role of Director of Public Relations. He is currently the Director
of THE TCU Lettermen's Association at Texas christian university, after
serving as the Director of Communications for the Allstate Sugar Bowl in
New

Orleans, LA from 1997 -2007. A native of Burbank, CA, Greg served in the
armed forces after high school as a Paratrooper in the 82nd Airborne
Division before moving on to college where he earned a bachelor's degree
in Communications from Memphis State University.

He and his wife Lydia reside in Fort Worth, Texas with their son
Christian.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-andy.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Andy Solari - Director of Communications
----------------------------------------

Andy is entering his 13th year at the MPA and has served in virtually
every capacity. Currently he oversees all communications and assists in
merchandising.

He is a Telecommunications Specialist for the Massachusetts State
Lottery Commission where he plays an integral part in the design and
maintenance of the largest single user telephone network in
Massachusetts. Andy received his technical training at Boston University
and Northeastern University in Boston, MA.

Solari served in the US Coast Guard and is a native of Pembroke, MA. He
currently resides in Marshfield, MA with his wife Beth, a registered
nurse, and their three children: Jessica, Emily, and Tony.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-ed.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Ed Nishioka - Director of Marketing and Promotions
--------------------------------------------------

Ed is entering in his 8th year with the Manning Passing Academy. He
handles local marketing and video production for the camp.

His company, DNA Communications LLC, has handled media, marketing and PR
for the NFL Pro Bowl for the past 18 years. He has an extensive sports
background working with the United States Olympic Committee in Track and
Field, Pete Newell Big Man Camp, World Championship Kickboxing, Hawaiian
Super Prix CART Race, Basketball Camps and as a TV News Sports Reporter
at KHSL. He has also done a couple stints working in government as the
media person for the Honolulu Mayor, Deputy of the Department of
Customer Service and as Chief Public Information Officer for the
Honolulu Rail Transit project. He has also produced the Smooth Jazz
Nights concerts series that has featured some of the top artists from
around the world.

He holds Masters Degrees (M.A.) in Instructional Technology and
Information and Communication Studies from California State University
at Chico and Bachelor Degree (B.S.) from Southern Oregon University in
Journalism and Marketing. He competed in the decathlon and javelin while
at Southern Oregon and worked on football staff at Chico State under
Head Coach Mike Bellotti. He served as Assistant Athletic Director and
Head Cross Country Coach while at Chaminade University in Honolulu
helping coordinate the ESPN's Maui Classic.

He and wife, Rae, reside in Honolulu with their two Boxers (Mr. Lex and
Princess) and English Bulldog (Lady). Ed's daughter, Sarah, is a student
at the University of Nevada Las Vegas.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

<div class="pull-left">
  <img src="/images/executive-staff-jimmy.jpg" class="img-responsive img-thumbnail">
</div>

Jim Marinelli - Director of Operations
--------------------------------------

Entering his 10th year associated with the MPA, Jim oversees all aspects
of logistical operations of the camp including set-up and break-down and
everything in between.

<div class="clearfix"></div>
<hr />

Rick Solari - Director of Merchandising
---------------------------------------

Information technology professional with 32 years of experience managing
the development and implementation of technology solutions for the
financial industry.

Rick is currently serving as a Systems Consultant and Vice President for
the Wealth Management Services division of the State Street Bank and
Trust Company in Boston, MA.
