Media Only
==========

Media Information
-----------------

We hope this page will assist media members and answer questions
concerning the 2014 Manning Passing Academy held on the campus of
Nicholls State University in Thibodaux, La. on July 10-13. Please read
the following information and guidelines below:

-   MEDIA CONTACT - Gregory Blackwell -
    [gregb0663@att.net](mailto:gregb0663@att.net)

Members of the media that cover the Manning Passing Academy must adhere
to its guidelines. There are two events in addition to covering the
daily practice sessions which the media is invited to cover. **NO
AUTOGRAPHS.**

### Annual Manning Interview Session

Friday - 11:10-11:45 a.m. - Guidry Stadium's Century Room\
 This is the media's only opportunity to interview the Manning's as well
as selected camp coaches and counselors at camp.

### Air-It-Out Session

Saturday - 6:30 p.m. - Guidry Stadium - Manning Field\
 Camp coaches and counselors, including selected campers, will run
passing route drills. Photo Opportunity Only. No interviews with
coaches, counselors or campers.

### Credential Information

Media members wishing to cover the camp and/or the Manning Interview
Session and Air-it-Out Session would need to be put on a list and have a
credential issued. Please contact Gregory Blackwell by email
[gregb0663@att.net](mailto:gregb0663@att.net), no later than the Tuesday
before camp starts if you will be attending and/or will be sending other
members from your organization.

The Manning Passing Academy is a prep football skills camp and not an
college or NFL-type training camp, so we do not offer daily media
briefings, notes, quotes, etc. Our camp directors, administrators,
coaches, counselors and campers are not obligated to participate in any
interviews. If you do have an interview request with someone associated
with the camp, please submit it to my attention via email and I will do
my best to accommodate the request.

### Credential Distribution

-   **Thursday**\
     Noon to 2 p.m. - at camp check-in inside Stopher Gym
-   **Friday**\
     8:30 - 9 a.m. - Before First Practice - Outside Stadium\
     10:30 - 11 a.m. - Before Manning Interview Session

Credentials must be worn at all times while on campus, practice fields
and Guidry Stadium.

Media Guidelines
----------------

### Manning Interview Session

There will be one authorized interview session for the media to
interview the Manning Family as well as selected camp administrators,
coaches and counselors that were requested in advance and the
interviewee has agreed to attend.

The session will be from 11:10 am to 11:45 am on Friday in the Century
Club Room underneath the stands, parking lot entrance side at Guidry
Stadium.

This will be the only opportunity to interview the Manning Family during
camp.\
 The interview procedure is as follows:

-   The Manning's (Archie, Cooper, Peyton and Eli) will do a group
    interview beginning with a brief statement, followed by Q&A. No
    special or one-on-one exclusive interviews will be granted during
    the informal media gathering or anytime during camp.
-   Approximately 15 minutes into the interview session and while the
    Manning's Q&A is taking place, the selected camp administrators,
    coaches and counselors, who agreed to do interviews, will be made
    available for their interviews at break out areas inside the Century
    Club Room. These interviews will last for approximately 20 minutes.

### Air-It-Out Session

There will be a photo opportunity for the media during the Air-it-Out
program on Saturday from 6:30 p.m. to 7:15 p.m. at Guidry Stadium. Camp
coaches and counselors, including selected campers, will run passing
route drills in front of campers and those in attendance at Guidry
Stadium that day. It's a **PHOTO OPPORTUNITY ONLY, NO INTERVIEWS**.
Media Photographers can shoot in the stands and/or in the specific
designated area on the sidelines of the field during this event.

### Special Interview Requests

Individual interviews with camp coaches, counselors and administrators
may be requested though me, but the final approval will be made by the
individual, camp counselor, coach or administrator. I will try to
accommodate your needs, but cannot guarantee an interview. We will have
notable coaches and counselors from the NFL, Division I football
conferences, and other conferences as well as former college and
professional players.

### Field Etiquite

Media members, that were issued a credential, may watch and shoot
footage in designated areas inside the fence of the practice complex
(fields) and inside the area between the fields. Please do not disrupt
campers or coaches/counselors during this time. In no way are any
members of the media allowed inside the white playing lines of any
practice field (unless personally escorted by me). No media will be
allowed in the dorms or dining facility. You MUST have a credential to
get through security and inside the practice fields gates. Please be
patient with security.

Media Daily Schedule
--------------------

Below is a brief daily MEDIA SCHEDULE that will assist with your
scheduling and coverage of camp.

### Thursday

  -------------------- ----------------------------- ----------------
  12:00pm-2:00 p.m.    Credential Pick-Up            Stopher Gym
  1:00pm - 3:00 p.m.   Camper Check-In               Stopher Gym
  7:00 p.m.            Speed & Performance Seminar   Guidry Stadium
  -------------------- ----------------------------- ----------------

### Friday

  ------------ --------------------------- --------------------------------------------
  8:45 a.m.    Morning Practice            Football Fields
  9:30 a.m.    Credential Pick-Up          Outside Century Club Room - Guidry Stadium
  11:10 a.m.   Manning Interview Session   Century Club Room - Guidry Stadium
  2:00 p.m.    Afternoon Practices         Football Fields
  6:30 p.m.    Evening Passing Leagues     Football Fields
  ------------ --------------------------- --------------------------------------------

### Saturday

  ----------- -------------------- -----------------
  8:45 a.m.   Morning Practice     Football Fields
  2:00 p.m.   Afternoon Practice   Football Fields
  6:00pm      Air-It-Out Session   Guidry Stadium
  ----------- -------------------- -----------------

### Sunday

  ------------ ----------------------------- -----------------
  9:00 a.m.    Final Practice                Football Fields
  11:30 a.m.   Closing Remarks - Camp Ends   
  ------------ ----------------------------- -----------------

[DIRECTIONS TO CAMP](/directions)

[CAMPUS MAP](/campus-map)

![Media Only](/media/4e80de319cd58-media_only.jpg)
