Privacy Policy
==============

This is the web site of **Manning Passing Academy**.\
 Our postal address is\
 **PO Box 10161\
 Eugene, OR 97440**

We can be reached via email at
[info@manningpassingacademy.com](mailto:info@manningpassingacademy.com)\
 or you can reach us by telephone at (541) 359-2343

For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically
recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the email address
(where possible).

We collect only the domain name, but not the email address of visitors
to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or
visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or
visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey
information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone
number, fax number.

The information we collect is used to notify consumers about updates to
our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.

With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information,
such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.

If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us
know by sending us email at the above address.

From time to time, we make our *customer* email list available to other
reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might
find interesting. If you do not want us to share your email address with
other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at
the number provided above.

If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive
periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services
or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please
let us know by calling us at the number provided above.

You may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can,
however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by calling us at
the number provided above.

Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your
name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.

Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only
receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they
have placed on-line.

With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special
relationships with any ad server companies.

From time to time, we may use customer information for new,
unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If
our information practices change at some time in the future we will
contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you
of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of
these new uses.

Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes
other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing us at
the above address.

Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information
[including proprietary information] that we maintain about them.

Consumers can access this information by email us at the above address.

Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us email at the
above address.

With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place
in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or
alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.

If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
